abduco: add page (#2632)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/abduco.md

# abduco

> Terminal session manager.

- List sessions:

`abduco`

> - Attach to a session, create if not exists:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?

```suggestion
- Attach to a session, creating it if it doesn't exist:
```

> `abduco -A {{name}} bash`

Reviewer 2: I think bash should be in tokens too ? Or does it not support anything other than bash ?

Author: I thought `abduco -A {{name}} {{command}}` would not be very clear.
I will take whatever you choose.

Reviewer: You don't have to change it to `{{command}}`! `{{bash}}` would be fine. In this case, a concrete example is great, @Jipok :-)

> - Attach to a session with dvtm, create if not exists:

Reviewer: What does `dvtm` mean? Also, perhaps this will read better?

```suggestion
- Attach to a session with dvtm, creating it if it doesn't exist:
```

Author: http://www.brain-dump.org/projects/dvtm/

> - Attach to a session with dvtm, creating it if it doesn't exist:

Reviewer 2: Should this go above the previous example ? What is dvtm ?

Author: https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/pull/2636

Reviewer 2: Since dvtm seems to be a command, please put it within backticks (``)

`abduco -A {{name}}`

> - Detach from session:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?

```suggestion
- Detach from a session:
```

`Ctrl + \`

> - Attach to a session in readonly mode:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?

```suggestion
- Attach to a session in read-only mode:
```
